---
date: 2025-07-28
draft: true
---

i bump off from the edge of the sidewalk and whistle through the intersection. i’m going fast, maybe too fast, and i know when an accident happens you don’t know it til it’s happened. still. i’m wind and the wind is weaving between passersby and telephone poles and alleys.

i will make it to the station before he disappears. disappears like he never lived here, like he never knew me. nobody stays in this town, but i do. i’ve said goodbye to too many people. he’s got to let me say goodbye to one more.

— watch where you’re going,

yells a businessman when i sling past him and nudge his arm.

i ring my bell three times in response. a group of girls scatter before me. i don’t know where i’m going. i don’t know where i am. i’m panicking, i’m pedaling, i can’t stop. i’m at the station, it’s there. i’m here. i’m there.

— ?

he has the gall look confused when he sees me sweaty, out of breath, looking for the right words. the adrenaline is making me think i feel mad but that can’t be right. i’m not mad at him.

still i try,

— what the hell were you thinking?

— i was thinking that i’m gonna take a train.

— you were gonna take a train. yeah.

i’m beginning to lose it. i’m good at biking but i’m not good at talking. suddenly i can’t even remember why i came here. i think i was afraid, but i can’t tell him i was afraid. i think i can tell him that i wanted to say goodbye:

— you should have said something.

— said what?

i’m starting to worry that i really shouldn’t have come, that i’m making no sense at all, when he says,

— i didn’t know you cared about me going.

the PA system runs an announcement. the trains roar as they come into the station. i imagine the distant sound of car tires rolling across asphalt, and the feeling of air under my shirt, and i find that my lungs have settled. i’m at ease. he understands.